build: release 3.12.0 (#2779)
SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-ui: CHANGELOG.md

# Changes

## [3.12.0](https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-ui/compare/3.11.0...3.12.0) (2023-08-31)

### Features

- Update landing page for non-logged users ([#2681](https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-ui/issues/2681), [#2741](https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-ui/issues/2741)).

### Bug Fixes

> - Use the migrations endpoint corretly -- we were accidentally routing older projects the wrong backend version ([#2766](https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-ui/issues/2766)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use the migrations endpoint correctly -- we were accidentally routing older projects to the wrong backend version ([#2766](https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-ui/issues/2766)).
```

Author: :facepalm: 
Thank you!

> - Use the "dev" label propertly on the footer in the Renku version section ([#2776](https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-ui/issues/2776)).

Author: ```suggestion
- Use the "dev" label properly on the footer in the Renku version section ([#2776](https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-ui/issues/2776)).
```
